Completely forgot I had this website until this morning. It was never really in use (unless I put it on some application that I've forgotten about, but I doubt that) and was certainly never meant as a blog, but I was thinking it might be good to get into writing a little more regularly. I desparately need to shake this "not a writer" identity I've grown into. I was hoping it would happen passively over the past year, but there were surprisingly few assignments, and I suspect it's the kind of thing that requires frequency rather than length. So some conscious effort and discipline seems to be required. I'm hoping that I'll start at this, and it will just happen naturally, and ideally they'll get longer and I'll get used to the process and I can completely transform the way I see myself with respect to writing. Though to improve, proofreading and editing is probably required, and there's little chance that will happen for a blog/journal/whatever that nobody reads. I do recall some showings of promise from time to time and the glimmer of a personal voice so maybe there's something there to bring out after all.

Clarity. Shorter sentences. Fewer commas. (Fewer commas used as an excuse to not have to write shorter sentences.) I think different beginnings than the word "I"? Getting to the point. Having a point.

I'm a few days into being here. For the most part I've been taking it in stride. It's still the length of a vacation or a layover, so maybe it won't feel different and more challenging until it's been long enough that I realize I'm really "living" here. For the first time in a few years I have a front door that locks with a key rather than automatically as it closes, so the anxiety of "Wait!—are my keys in my pocket?" is replaced with the anxiety of "did I remember to actually lock up when I left?" That will take a week or so to get used to.

I try to use the one-off phrases where I can. I remmeber tack, snälla, hej instead of hi. I recognized varsågod yesterday and felt pleased. Not at the place where I want to order locally, though, both because I don't know how and out of fear of follow-up questions. Learned my lesson in Montreal, and my French is much better.

In the spirit of accountability, I need to work out some financial things, get better clothes, get a jump on planning out next summer. I'm allowing myself a push with Tetris but it will be easier to pretend it's not a distraction if I learn t-spins. I've got a book I want to read, I've got new recipes to try. Or I might just spend three days sitting here and staring at the sky. Speaking of which, I should type up thoughts on _Parade_.
